README.md, before:

# Helm Charts @ Delivery Hero

[![Delivery Hero ❤️ Helm](img/banner.png)](#)

[Delivery Hero](https://www.deliveryhero.com/) are big fans of Kubernetes and use [Helm](https://helm.sh/) extensively. Here we have collected a few charts that are used across our organisation.

## TLDR

```console
helm install my-release oci://ghcr.io/deliveryhero/helm-charts/<chart>
```

## Chart list

[![Artifact HUB](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/deliveryhero)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=deliveryhero)

- [aws-ebs-csi-driver](stable/aws-ebs-csi-driver)
- [aws-s3-proxy](stable/aws-s3-proxy)
- [aws-service-events-exporter](stable/aws-service-events-exporter)
- [aws-service-quotas-exporter](stable/aws-service-quotas-exporter)
- [aws-storage-class](stable/aws-storage-class)
- [backstage](stable/backstage)
- [backstage-mono](stable/backstage-mono)
- [cachet](stable/cachet)
- [cloudhealth-collector](stable/cloudhealth-collector)
- [cluster-overprovisioner](stable/cluster-overprovisioner)
- [cortex-gateway](stable/cortex-gateway)
- [datadog-controller](stable/datadog-controller)
- [dregsy](stable/dregsy)
- [field-exporter](stable/field-exporter)
- [gripmock](stable/gripmock)
- [hoppscotch](stable/hoppscotch)
- [k8s-cloudwatch-adapter](stable/k8s-cloudwatch-adapter)
- [k8s-event-logger](stable/k8s-event-logger)
- [k8s-resources](stable/k8s-resources)
- [killgrave](stable/killgrave)
- [kube-bench](stable/kube-bench)
- [kube-downscaler](stable/kube-downscaler)
- [kubecost-reports-exporter](stable/kubecost-reports-exporter)
- [labelsmanager-controller](stable/labelsmanager-controller)
- [listmonk](stable/listmonk)
- [locust](stable/locust)
- [metabase](stable/metabase)
- [mlflow](stable/mlflow)
- [net-exporter](stable/net-exporter)
- [newrelic-controller](stable/newrelic-controller)
- [node-local-dns](stable/node-local-dns)
- [node-problem-detector](stable/node-problem-detector)
- [pg-repack-scheduler](stable/pg-repack-scheduler)
- [postgres-controller](stable/postgres-controller)
- [priority-class](stable/priority-class)
- [prometheus-aws-costs-exporter](stable/prometheus-aws-costs-exporter)
- [prometheus-aws-health-exporter](stable/prometheus-aws-health-exporter)
- [prometheus-aws-limits-exporter](stable/prometheus-aws-limits-exporter)
- [prometheus-cloudflare-exporter](stable/prometheus-cloudflare-exporter)
- [prometheus-k8s-events-exporter](stable/prometheus-k8s-events-exporter)
- [prometheus-locust-exporter](stable/prometheus-locust-exporter)
- [prometheus-new-relic-app-exporter](stable/prometheus-new-relic-app-exporter)
- [prometheus-new-relic-exporter](stable/prometheus-new-relic-exporter)
- [prometheus-sentry-exporter](stable/prometheus-sentry-exporter)
- [prometheus-soti-mobicontrol-exporter](stable/prometheus-soti-mobicontrol-exporter)
- [prometheus-spot-termination-exporter](stable/prometheus-spot-termination-exporter)
- [prometheus-statsd-exporter](stable/prometheus-statsd-exporter)
- [rds-downscaler](stable/rds-downscaler)
- [service-account](stable/service-account)
- [superset](stable/superset)
- [toxiproxy](stable/toxiproxy)
- [weblate](stable/weblate)
- [wiremock](stable/wiremock)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome ❤️

This repository has multiple Github Actions to ensure quality is high, these include:

- [chart-testing](https://github.com/helm/chart-testing): lint and install tests
- [markdown-lint](https://github.com/avto-dev/markdown-lint): lint all markdown files
- [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/): Auto generate helm docs before commit.
- [helm-docs](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs): check all chart `README.md` have all values documented
- [helm-conftest](https://github.com/instrumenta/helm-conftest): Ensures standard labels are present

All chart `README.md` files are generated from a template. This ensures all values are documented and that formatting is consistent. See [here](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs#valuesyaml-metadata) about how the table of values is produced and how to add descriptions to your chart values.

### Opening a PR

Follow these steps:

1. Fork this repo
2. Make desired changes to the chart
3. Bump the chart version
4. Regenerate the chart `README.md`. Run from the repo root: `docker run --rm -v "${PWD}:/helm-docs" jnorwood/helm-docs:v1.11.3 --template-files ./ci/README.md.gotmpl`
5. Commit and push changes
6. Open 1 pull request per chart you want to change
7. Set pull request title to `[stable/<chart name>]: <description>`

### Running CI tests locally

All commands to be run from the root of this repo.

`chart-testing`:

  ```console
  brew install chart-testing
  pip3 install yamale yamllint
  ct lint --charts stable/<chart>
  ```

`markdown-lint`:

  ```console
  docker run --rm -v "$PWD:/helm-charts" avtodev/markdown-lint:v1.5.0 --config /helm-charts/ci/markdown-lint.yaml /helm-charts/**/*.md
  ```

`helm-docs`:

  To generate chart `README.md` files from the [template](ci/README.md.gotmpl), you can run `helm-docs` via docker:

  ```console
  docker run --rm -v "$(git rev-parse --show-toplevel):/helm-docs" jnorwood/helm-docs:v1.11.3 --template-files ./ci/README.md.gotmpl
  ```

  Or alternatively install via [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#install):

  ```console
  pre-commit install
  pre-commit install-hooks
  ```

`helm-conftest`:

  ```console
  brew tap instrumenta/instrumenta
  brew install conftest
  sh ci/helm-conftest.sh
  ```

## License

Copyright © 2023 Delivery Hero

Contents of this repository and any charts without a specific license are licensed under the Apache-2.0 License. Some charts may have their own respective license at `<chart>/LICENSE`. When adding a new chart to this repository and the chart is copied from another repository then include the license from the source if is not Apache-2.0 and include a link to the source under the `sources` section in `<chart>/Chart.yaml`.

Commit message:

[stable/<all>] Updating all charts with more metadata, updating apiVersion (#662)
* Adding chart source and link to package versions to readme template

* update main readme

* Updating all charts to apiVersion=v2, removing fake email addresses, adding artifacthub links

* update all readmes

* misc fixes

* fix python action

* fix misc warnings

* duplicate annotations key

* update readme

---------

Co-authored-by: Max Williams <max-rocket-internet@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Helm Charts @ Delivery Hero

[![Delivery Hero ❤️ Helm](img/banner.png)](#)

[Delivery Hero](https://www.deliveryhero.com/) are big fans of Kubernetes and use [Helm](https://helm.sh/) extensively. Here we have collected a few charts that are used across our organisation.

## TLDR

Charts are released as OCI packages and can be installed like this:

```console
helm install my-release oci://ghcr.io/deliveryhero/helm-charts/<chart>
```

There is also a Helm charts repository that can be added:

```console
helm repo add deliveryhero https://raw.githubusercontent.com/deliveryhero/helm-charts/refs/heads/master/
```

Then charts can also be installed like this:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/<chart>
```

## Chart list

[![Artifact HUB](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/deliveryhero)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=deliveryhero)

- [aws-ebs-csi-driver](stable/aws-ebs-csi-driver)
- [aws-s3-proxy](stable/aws-s3-proxy)
- [aws-service-events-exporter](stable/aws-service-events-exporter)
- [aws-service-quotas-exporter](stable/aws-service-quotas-exporter)
- [aws-storage-class](stable/aws-storage-class)
- [backstage](stable/backstage)
- [backstage-mono](stable/backstage-mono)
- [cachet](stable/cachet)
- [cloudhealth-collector](stable/cloudhealth-collector)
- [cluster-overprovisioner](stable/cluster-overprovisioner)
- [cortex-gateway](stable/cortex-gateway)
- [datadog-controller](stable/datadog-controller)
- [dregsy](stable/dregsy)
- [field-exporter](stable/field-exporter)
- [gripmock](stable/gripmock)
- [hoppscotch](stable/hoppscotch)
- [k8s-cloudwatch-adapter](stable/k8s-cloudwatch-adapter)
- [k8s-event-logger](stable/k8s-event-logger)
- [k8s-resources](stable/k8s-resources)
- [killgrave](stable/killgrave)
- [kube-bench](stable/kube-bench)
- [kube-downscaler](stable/kube-downscaler)
- [kubecost-reports-exporter](stable/kubecost-reports-exporter)
- [labelsmanager-controller](stable/labelsmanager-controller)
- [listmonk](stable/listmonk)
- [locust](stable/locust)
- [metabase](stable/metabase)
- [mlflow](stable/mlflow)
- [net-exporter](stable/net-exporter)
- [newrelic-controller](stable/newrelic-controller)
- [node-local-dns](stable/node-local-dns)
- [node-problem-detector](stable/node-problem-detector)
- [pg-repack-scheduler](stable/pg-repack-scheduler)
- [postgres-controller](stable/postgres-controller)
- [priority-class](stable/priority-class)
- [prometheus-aws-costs-exporter](stable/prometheus-aws-costs-exporter)
- [prometheus-aws-health-exporter](stable/prometheus-aws-health-exporter)
- [prometheus-aws-limits-exporter](stable/prometheus-aws-limits-exporter)
- [prometheus-cloudflare-exporter](stable/prometheus-cloudflare-exporter)
- [prometheus-k8s-events-exporter](stable/prometheus-k8s-events-exporter)
- [prometheus-locust-exporter](stable/prometheus-locust-exporter)
- [prometheus-new-relic-app-exporter](stable/prometheus-new-relic-app-exporter)
- [prometheus-new-relic-exporter](stable/prometheus-new-relic-exporter)
- [prometheus-sentry-exporter](stable/prometheus-sentry-exporter)
- [prometheus-soti-mobicontrol-exporter](stable/prometheus-soti-mobicontrol-exporter)
- [prometheus-spot-termination-exporter](stable/prometheus-spot-termination-exporter)
- [prometheus-statsd-exporter](stable/prometheus-statsd-exporter)
- [rds-downscaler](stable/rds-downscaler)
- [service-account](stable/service-account)
- [superset](stable/superset)
- [toxiproxy](stable/toxiproxy)
- [weblate](stable/weblate)
- [wiremock](stable/wiremock)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome ❤️

This repository has multiple Github Actions to ensure quality is high, these include:

- [chart-testing](https://github.com/helm/chart-testing): lint and install tests
- [markdown-lint](https://github.com/avto-dev/markdown-lint): lint all markdown files
- [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/): Auto generate helm docs before commit.
- [helm-docs](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs): check all chart `README.md` have all values documented
- [helm-conftest](https://github.com/instrumenta/helm-conftest): Ensures standard labels are present

All chart `README.md` files are generated from a template. This ensures all values are documented and that formatting is consistent. See [here](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs#valuesyaml-metadata) about how the table of values is produced and how to add descriptions to your chart values.

### Opening a PR

Follow these steps:

1. Fork this repo
2. Make desired changes to the chart
3. Bump the chart version
4. Regenerate the chart `README.md`. Run from the repo root: `docker run --rm -v "${PWD}:/helm-docs" jnorwood/helm-docs:v1.11.3 --template-files ./ci/README.md.gotmpl`
5. Commit and push changes
6. Open 1 pull request per chart you want to change
7. Set pull request title to `[stable/<chart name>]: <description>`

### Running CI tests locally

All commands to be run from the root of this repo.

`chart-testing`:

  ```console
  brew install chart-testing
  pip3 install yamale yamllint
  ct lint --charts stable/<chart>
  ```

`markdown-lint`:

  ```console
  docker run --rm -v "$PWD:/helm-charts" avtodev/markdown-lint:v1.5.0 --config /helm-charts/ci/markdown-lint.yaml /helm-charts/**/*.md
  ```

`helm-docs`:

  To generate chart `README.md` files from the [template](ci/README.md.gotmpl), you can run `helm-docs` via docker:

  ```console
  docker run --rm -v "$(git rev-parse --show-toplevel):/helm-docs" jnorwood/helm-docs:v1.11.3 --template-files ./ci/README.md.gotmpl
  ```

  Or alternatively install via [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#install):

  ```console
  pre-commit install
  pre-commit install-hooks
  ```

`helm-conftest`:

  ```console
  brew tap instrumenta/instrumenta
  brew install conftest
  sh ci/helm-conftest.sh
  ```

## License

Copyright © 2023 Delivery Hero

Contents of this repository and any charts without a specific license are licensed under the Apache-2.0 License. Some charts may have their own respective license at `<chart>/LICENSE`. When adding a new chart to this repository and the chart is copied from another repository then include the license from the source if is not Apache-2.0 and include a link to the source under the `sources` section in `<chart>/Chart.yaml`.
