stable/cortex-gateway/README.md, before:

# cortex-gateway

![Version: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.0.1-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for cortex-gateway

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/rewe-digital/cortex-gateway>

## How to install this chart

Add Delivery Hero public chart repo:

```console
helm repo add deliveryhero https://charts.deliveryhero.io/
```

A simple install with default values:

```console
helm install deliveryhero/cortex-gateway
```

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/cortex-gateway
```

To install with some set values:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/cortex-gateway --set values_key1=value1 --set values_key2=value2
```

To install with custom values file:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/cortex-gateway -f values.yaml
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| args.distributorAddress | string | `"http://your_distributor_address_here"` |  |
| args.jwtSecret | string | `"your_jwt_secret"` |  |
| args.queryfrontendAddress | string | `"http://your_query_frontend_address_here"` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"goelankit/cortex-gateway"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| service.port | int | `80` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `"cortex-gateway"` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| goelankitt | no-reply@deliveryhero.com |  |

Commit message:

Allow extra labels in cortex gateway deployment

stable/cortex-gateway/README.md, after:

# cortex-gateway

![Version: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.0.1-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for cortex-gateway

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/rewe-digital/cortex-gateway>

## How to install this chart

Add Delivery Hero public chart repo:

```console
helm repo add deliveryhero https://charts.deliveryhero.io/
```

A simple install with default values:

```console
helm install deliveryhero/cortex-gateway
```

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/cortex-gateway
```

To install with some set values:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/cortex-gateway --set values_key1=value1 --set values_key2=value2
```

To install with custom values file:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/cortex-gateway -f values.yaml
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| args.distributorAddress | string | `"http://your_distributor_address_here"` |  |
| args.jwtSecret | string | `"your_jwt_secret"` |  |
| args.queryfrontendAddress | string | `"http://your_query_frontend_address_here"` |  |
| extraLabels | object | `{}` | Any extra labels to apply to all resources |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"goelankit/cortex-gateway"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| service.port | int | `80` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `"cortex-gateway"` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| goelankitt | no-reply@deliveryhero.com |  |
