stable/node-problem-detector/README.md, before:

# node-problem-detector

![Version: 2.0.4](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.0.4-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v0.8.9](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v0.8.9-informational?style=flat-square)

This chart installs a [node-problem-detector](https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector) daemonset. This tool aims to make various node problems visible to the upstream layers in cluster management stack. It is a daemon which runs on each node, detects node problems and reports them to apiserver.

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector>

## How to install this chart

Add Delivery Hero public chart repo:

```console
helm repo add deliveryhero https://charts.deliveryhero.io/
```

A simple install with default values:

```console
helm install deliveryhero/node-problem-detector
```

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/node-problem-detector
```

To install with some set values:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/node-problem-detector --set values_key1=value1 --set values_key2=value2
```

To install with custom values file:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/node-problem-detector -f values.yaml
```

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector>
* <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/#condition>

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| env | string | `nil` |  |
| extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` |  |
| extraVolumes | list | `[]` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| hostNetwork | bool | `false` | Run pod on host network Flag to run Node Problem Detector on the host's network. This is typically not recommended, but may be useful for certain use cases. |
| hostPID | bool | `false` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"k8s.gcr.io/node-problem-detector/node-problem-detector"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"v0.8.9"` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| labels | object | `{}` |  |
| logDir.host | string | `"/var/log/"` | log directory on k8s host |
| logDir.pod | string | `""` | log directory in pod (volume mount), use logDir.host if empty |
| maxUnavailable | int | `1` | The max pods unavailable during an update |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.additionalLabels | object | `{}` |  |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| priorityClassName | string | `""` |  |
| rbac.create | bool | `true` |  |
| rbac.pspEnabled | bool | `false` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext.privileged | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `nil` |  |
| settings.custom_monitor_definitions | object | `{}` | Custom plugin monitor config files |
| settings.custom_plugin_monitors | list | `[]` |  |
| settings.heartBeatPeriod | string | `"5m0s"` | Syncing interval with API server |
| settings.log_monitors | list | `["/config/kernel-monitor.json","/config/docker-monitor.json"]` | User-specified custom monitor definitions |
| settings.prometheus_address | string | `"0.0.0.0"` | Prometheus exporter address |
| settings.prometheus_port | int | `20257` | Prometheus exporter port |
| tolerations[0].effect | string | `"NoSchedule"` |  |
| tolerations[0].operator | string | `"Exists"` |  |
| updateStrategy | string | `"RollingUpdate"` | Manage the daemonset update strategy |

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| max-rocket-internet | no-reply@deliveryhero.com |  |

Commit message:

[stable/node-problem-detector] Split metrics enable flag from service monitor
The reason of decoupling service monitor from service is that sometimes
you want just to export the service and in your prometheus configuration
(prometheus-operator) define the service monitor for this service.

stable/node-problem-detector/README.md, after:

# node-problem-detector

![Version: 2.0.4](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.0.4-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v0.8.9](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v0.8.9-informational?style=flat-square)

This chart installs a [node-problem-detector](https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector) daemonset. This tool aims to make various node problems visible to the upstream layers in cluster management stack. It is a daemon which runs on each node, detects node problems and reports them to apiserver.

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector>

## How to install this chart

Add Delivery Hero public chart repo:

```console
helm repo add deliveryhero https://charts.deliveryhero.io/
```

A simple install with default values:

```console
helm install deliveryhero/node-problem-detector
```

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/node-problem-detector
```

To install with some set values:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/node-problem-detector --set values_key1=value1 --set values_key2=value2
```

To install with custom values file:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/node-problem-detector -f values.yaml
```

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector>
* <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/#condition>

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| env | string | `nil` |  |
| extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` |  |
| extraVolumes | list | `[]` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| hostNetwork | bool | `false` | Run pod on host network Flag to run Node Problem Detector on the host's network. This is typically not recommended, but may be useful for certain use cases. |
| hostPID | bool | `false` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"k8s.gcr.io/node-problem-detector/node-problem-detector"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"v0.8.9"` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| labels | object | `{}` |  |
| logDir.host | string | `"/var/log/"` | log directory on k8s host |
| logDir.pod | string | `""` | log directory in pod (volume mount), use logDir.host if empty |
| maxUnavailable | int | `1` | The max pods unavailable during an update |
| metrics.enabled | bool | `false` | If it's true exposes the service for prometheus exporter |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.additionalLabels | object | `{}` |  |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| priorityClassName | string | `""` |  |
| rbac.create | bool | `true` |  |
| rbac.pspEnabled | bool | `false` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext.privileged | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `nil` |  |
| settings.custom_monitor_definitions | object | `{}` | Custom plugin monitor config files |
| settings.custom_plugin_monitors | list | `[]` |  |
| settings.heartBeatPeriod | string | `"5m0s"` | Syncing interval with API server |
| settings.log_monitors | list | `["/config/kernel-monitor.json","/config/docker-monitor.json"]` | User-specified custom monitor definitions |
| settings.prometheus_address | string | `"0.0.0.0"` | Prometheus exporter address |
| settings.prometheus_port | int | `20257` | Prometheus exporter port |
| tolerations[0].effect | string | `"NoSchedule"` |  |
| tolerations[0].operator | string | `"Exists"` |  |
| updateStrategy | string | `"RollingUpdate"` | Manage the daemonset update strategy |

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| max-rocket-internet | no-reply@deliveryhero.com |  |
