stable/locust/README.md, before:

# locust

![Version: 0.19.24](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.19.24-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.4.4](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.4.4-informational?style=flat-square)

A chart to install Locust, a scalable load testing tool written in Python.

This chart will setup everything required to run a full distributed locust environment with any amount of workers.

This chart will also create configmaps for storing the locust files in Kubernetes, this way there is no need to build custom docker images.

By default it will install using an example locustfile and lib from [stable/locust/locustfiles/example](https://github.com/deliveryhero/helm-charts/tree/master/stable/locust/locustfiles/example). When you want to provide your own locustfile, you will need to create 2 configmaps using the structure from that example:

```console
kubectl create configmap my-loadtest-locustfile --from-file path/to/your/main.py
kubectl create configmap my-loadtest-lib --from-file path/to/your/lib/
```

And then install the chart passing the names of those configmaps as values:

```console
helm install locust deliveryhero/locust \
  --set loadtest.name=my-loadtest \
  --set loadtest.locust_locustfile_configmap=my-loadtest-locustfile \
  --set loadtest.locust_lib_configmap=my-loadtest-lib
```

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/locustio/locust>

## How to install this chart

Add Delivery Hero public chart repo:

```console
helm repo add deliveryhero https://charts.deliveryhero.io/
```

A simple install with default values:

```console
helm install deliveryhero/locust
```

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/locust
```

To install with some set values:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/locust --set values_key1=value1 --set values_key2=value2
```

To install with custom values file:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/locust -f values.yaml
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| extraConfigMaps | object | `{}` | Any extra configmaps to mount for the master and worker. Can be used for extra python packages |
| extraLabels | object | `{}` | Any extra labels to apply to all resources |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"locustio/locust"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"1.4.4"` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| loadtest.environment | object | `{}` | environment variables used in the load test for both master and workers |
| loadtest.environment_external_secret | object | `{}` | environment variables used in the load test for both master and workers, stored in secrets created outside this chart. Each secret contains a list of values in it. Usage: `secret_name: [AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY]` |
| loadtest.environment_secret | object | `{}` | environment variables used in the load test for both master and workers, stored as secrets |
| loadtest.excludeTags | string | `""` | whether to run locust with `--exclude-tags [TAG [TAG ...]]` options, so only tasks with no matching tags will be executed |
| loadtest.headless | bool | `false` | whether to run locust with headless settings |
| loadtest.locust_host | string | `"https://www.google.com"` | the host you will load test |
| loadtest.locust_lib_configmap | string | `""` | name of a configmap containing your lib |
| loadtest.locust_locustfile | string | `"main.py"` | the name of the locustfile |
| loadtest.locust_locustfile_configmap | string | `""` | name of a configmap containing your locustfile |
| loadtest.mount_external_secret | object | `{}` | additional mount used in the load test for both master and workers, stored in secrets created outside this chart. Each secret contains a list of values in it. Usage: `mountPath: yourMountLocation, files: { secret_name: [AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY] }` |
| loadtest.name | string | `"example"` | a name used for resources and settings in this load test |
| loadtest.pip_packages | list | `[]` | a list of extra python pip packages to install |
| loadtest.tags | string | `""` | whether to run locust with `--tags [TAG [TAG ...]]` options, so only tasks with any matching tags will be executed |
| master.args | list | `[]` | Any extra command args for the master |
| master.args_include_default | bool | `true` | Whether to include default command args |
| master.auth.enabled | bool | `false` | When enabled, UI basic auth will be enforced with the given username and password |
| master.auth.password | string | `""` |  |
| master.auth.username | string | `""` |  |
| master.command[0] | string | `"sh"` |  |
| master.command[1] | string | `"/config/docker-entrypoint.sh"` |  |
| master.environment | object | `{}` | environment variables for the master |
| master.image | string | `""` | A custom docker image including tag |
| master.logLevel | string | `"INFO"` | Log level. Can be INFO or DEBUG |
| master.pdb.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to create a PodDisruptionBudget for the master pod |
| master.resources | object | `{}` | resources for the locust master |
| master.serviceAccountAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| master.strategy.type | string | `"RollingUpdate"` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| service.extraLabels | object | `{}` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |
| worker.args | list | `[]` | Any extra command args for the workers |
| worker.args_include_default | bool | `true` | Whether to include default command args |
| worker.command[0] | string | `"sh"` |  |
| worker.command[1] | string | `"/config/docker-entrypoint.sh"` |  |
| worker.environment | object | `{}` | environment variables for the workers |
| worker.hpa.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| worker.hpa.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| worker.hpa.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| worker.hpa.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `40` |  |
| worker.image | string | `""` | A custom docker image including tag |
| worker.logLevel | string | `"INFO"` | Log level. Can be INFO or DEBUG |
| worker.replicas | int | `1` |  |
| worker.resources | object | `{}` | resources for the locust worker |
| worker.serviceAccountAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| worker.strategy.type | string | `"RollingUpdate"` |  |

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| max-rocket-internet | no-reply@deliveryhero.com |  |

Commit message:

Allow configuring the root path to locustfile

stable/locust/README.md, after:

# locust

![Version: 0.19.25](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.19.25-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.4.4](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.4.4-informational?style=flat-square)

A chart to install Locust, a scalable load testing tool written in Python.

This chart will setup everything required to run a full distributed locust environment with any amount of workers.

This chart will also create configmaps for storing the locust files in Kubernetes, this way there is no need to build custom docker images.

By default it will install using an example locustfile and lib from [stable/locust/locustfiles/example](https://github.com/deliveryhero/helm-charts/tree/master/stable/locust/locustfiles/example). When you want to provide your own locustfile, you will need to create 2 configmaps using the structure from that example:

```console
kubectl create configmap my-loadtest-locustfile --from-file path/to/your/main.py
kubectl create configmap my-loadtest-lib --from-file path/to/your/lib/
```

And then install the chart passing the names of those configmaps as values:

```console
helm install locust deliveryhero/locust \
  --set loadtest.name=my-loadtest \
  --set loadtest.locust_locustfile_configmap=my-loadtest-locustfile \
  --set loadtest.locust_lib_configmap=my-loadtest-lib
```

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/locustio/locust>

## How to install this chart

Add Delivery Hero public chart repo:

```console
helm repo add deliveryhero https://charts.deliveryhero.io/
```

A simple install with default values:

```console
helm install deliveryhero/locust
```

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/locust
```

To install with some set values:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/locust --set values_key1=value1 --set values_key2=value2
```

To install with custom values file:

```console
helm install my-release deliveryhero/locust -f values.yaml
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| extraConfigMaps | object | `{}` | Any extra configmaps to mount for the master and worker. Can be used for extra python packages |
| extraLabels | object | `{}` | Any extra labels to apply to all resources |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"locustio/locust"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"1.4.4"` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| loadtest.environment | object | `{}` | environment variables used in the load test for both master and workers |
| loadtest.environment_external_secret | object | `{}` | environment variables used in the load test for both master and workers, stored in secrets created outside this chart. Each secret contains a list of values in it. Usage: `secret_name: [AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY]` |
| loadtest.environment_secret | object | `{}` | environment variables used in the load test for both master and workers, stored as secrets |
| loadtest.excludeTags | string | `""` | whether to run locust with `--exclude-tags [TAG [TAG ...]]` options, so only tasks with no matching tags will be executed |
| loadtest.headless | bool | `false` | whether to run locust with headless settings |
| loadtest.locust_host | string | `"https://www.google.com"` | the host you will load test |
| loadtest.locust_lib_configmap | string | `""` | name of a configmap containing your lib |
| loadtest.locust_locustfile | string | `"main.py"` | the name of the locustfile |
| loadtest.locust_locustfile_configmap | string | `""` | name of a configmap containing your locustfile |
| loadtest.mount_external_secret | object | `{}` | additional mount used in the load test for both master and workers, stored in secrets created outside this chart. Each secret contains a list of values in it. Usage: `mountPath: yourMountLocation, files: { secret_name: [AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY] }` |
| loadtest.name | string | `"example"` | a name used for resources and settings in this load test |
| loadtest.pip_packages | list | `[]` | a list of extra python pip packages to install |
| loadtest.root_path | string | `""` | the root path to the locustfile. Configure if using a custom image with embedded locustfile NOT using configmaps. Defaults to "/mnt/locust" if empty. |
| loadtest.tags | string | `""` | whether to run locust with `--tags [TAG [TAG ...]]` options, so only tasks with any matching tags will be executed |
| master.args | list | `[]` | Any extra command args for the master |
| master.args_include_default | bool | `true` | Whether to include default command args |
| master.auth.enabled | bool | `false` | When enabled, UI basic auth will be enforced with the given username and password |
| master.auth.password | string | `""` |  |
| master.auth.username | string | `""` |  |
| master.command[0] | string | `"sh"` |  |
| master.command[1] | string | `"/config/docker-entrypoint.sh"` |  |
| master.environment | object | `{}` | environment variables for the master |
| master.image | string | `""` | A custom docker image including tag |
| master.logLevel | string | `"INFO"` | Log level. Can be INFO or DEBUG |
| master.pdb.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to create a PodDisruptionBudget for the master pod |
| master.resources | object | `{}` | resources for the locust master |
| master.serviceAccountAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| master.strategy.type | string | `"RollingUpdate"` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| service.extraLabels | object | `{}` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |
| worker.args | list | `[]` | Any extra command args for the workers |
| worker.args_include_default | bool | `true` | Whether to include default command args |
| worker.command[0] | string | `"sh"` |  |
| worker.command[1] | string | `"/config/docker-entrypoint.sh"` |  |
| worker.environment | object | `{}` | environment variables for the workers |
| worker.hpa.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| worker.hpa.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| worker.hpa.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| worker.hpa.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `40` |  |
| worker.image | string | `""` | A custom docker image including tag |
| worker.logLevel | string | `"INFO"` | Log level. Can be INFO or DEBUG |
| worker.replicas | int | `1` |  |
| worker.resources | object | `{}` | resources for the locust worker |
| worker.serviceAccountAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| worker.strategy.type | string | `"RollingUpdate"` |  |

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| max-rocket-internet | no-reply@deliveryhero.com |  |
